Document the Session layout file and the Layout menu (#961)
Dyalog/documentation: windows-installation-and-configuration-guide/docs/configuration-parameters/layout-file.md

# LAYOUT_FILE

This parameter specifies the path (absolute or relative to the working directory) and name of the Session layout file. The name must include the __.layout__ extension; it is not assumed.

> The Session layout file records the docking layout of the Session, that is, the position of the Editor, the Debugger and the other tools that can be docked in the Session window. It is loaded when Dyalog starts, and the current layout is written back to it when Dyalog exits. A layout selected from the [Layout menu](../../../windows-ui-guide/session-menubar#the-layout-menu) is therefore still in effect the next time Dyalog starts, without the session file having to be saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Session layout file records the docking layout of the Session, that is, the position of the Editor, the Debugger, and the other tools that can be docked in the Session window. It is loaded when Dyalog starts, and the current layout is written back to it when Dyalog exits. A layout selected from the [**Layout** menu](../../../windows-ui-guide/session-menubar#the-layout-menu) is, therefore, still in effect the next time Dyalog starts, without the session file having to be saved.
```

A layout file contains no APL code.

> NOTE: If a user-defined Form is docked in the Session, its docking state cannot be recorded in the layout file; the session file must be saved to preserve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! Info "Information"
    If a user-defined Form is docked in the Session, its docking state cannot be recorded in the layout file; the session file must be saved to preserve it.
```

> The default is __default.layout__ in the Dyalog folder of your Documents directory, for example, __C:\Users\Bob\Documents\Dyalog APL-64 21.0 Unicode Files\default.layout__. The folder name identifies the interpreter: __-64__ is included for the 64-bit interpreter and __Unicode__ for the Unicode edition, so the 32-bit Classic edition of Dyalog 19.0 uses __Dyalog APL 19.0 Files__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default is **default.layout** in the relevant **Dyalog** folder of your **Documents** directory, for example, **C:\Users\Bob\Documents\Dyalog APL-64 21.0 Unicode Files\default.layout**.
```

> Layout files supplied with Dyalog, such as __classic.layout__ and __Bottom.layout__, are installed in the directory identified by the [dyalog](./dyalog.md) parameter, for example, __C:\Program Files\Dyalog\Dyalog APL-64 21.0 Unicode__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Layout files supplied with Dyalog, such as __classic.layout__ and __Bottom.layout__, are installed in the directory identified by the [dyalog](./dyalog.md) configuration parameter, for example, __C:\Program Files\Dyalog\Dyalog APL-64 21.0 Unicode__.
```
